Update README.md (#8)
magento/magento-cloud-components: README.md

# Magento Cloud Components

> Magento Cloud Components is a Magento module, designed to extend core functionality to operate best in Cloud. This module will contain Cloud-specific functionality, which will mostly be used within [ECE-Tools](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento Cloud Components is a Magento module, designed to extend core functionality to operate best in Cloud. This module contains Cloud-specific functionality for use with the [ECE-Tools](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools) package.
```

> Magento Cloud Components is a Magento module, designed to extend core functionality to operate best in Cloud. This module contains Cloud-specific functionality for use with the [ECE-Tools](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools) package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Magento Cloud Components module extends Magento Commerce core functionality for sites deployed on the Cloud platform.  This module contains cloud-specific functionality for use with the [ece-tools](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools) package.
```

> The Magento Cloud Components module extends Magento Commerce core functionality for sites deployed on the Cloud platform.  This module contains cloud-specific functionality for use with the [ece-tools](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools) package.

Reviewer 2: I noticed that in the documentation, we sometimes use "sites" ( _for sites deployed on the Cloud platform_), and sometimes "store": 
 
From the PR for the Docker readme:
```Magento Cloud Docker is a package—part of the [Magento Cloud Suite](#magento-cloud-suite)—designed to develop, test, and deploy your Magento Commerce store.```

We should try to be consistent to avoid confusion.   Which is preferred "site" or "store"–maybe it depends on the context.   If so, then when should we use "site" and when "store".

Author: These are the same in case of Magento. Every site (installation of Magento) is a store in 100% cases. I agree about consistency but we may leave it as is for now and fix globally later.

> ## Contributing to Magento Cloud Components Code Base

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Contributing to the Magento Cloud Components Code Base
```

> You can submit issues and pull requests to extend functionality or fix potential bugs. Improvements to Magento Cloud Components can include any development experience improvements, optimizations for deployment process, etc. If you find a bug or have a new suggestion, let us know by creating a Github issue.

Reviewer 2: Style rules -- avoid use of "etc."  -- See https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-E.

*Please note:* this repository is not an official support channel. To get project-specific help, please create support ticket through [Support Portal](https://support.magento.com). Support-related issues will be closed with the request to open a support ticket.

# Magento Cloud Suite

> Magento Cloud Suite includes set of packages, designed to deploy and manage Magento Commerce installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Magento Cloud Suite includes a set of packages designed to deploy and manage Magento Commerce installations.
```

- [ECE-Tools](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools) - set of scripts and tools designed to manage and deploy Cloud projects
- [Magento Cloud Components](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-components) - package with extended core functionality for Cloud
- [Magento Cloud Docker](https://github.com/magento/magento-cloud-docker) - functionality and images to deploy Cloud environments locally

## Documentation

> - [Cloud DevDocs](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/cloud/bk-cloud.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Magento Cloud Guide DevDocs](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/bk-cloud.html)
```

- [Magento Cloud Docker DevDocs](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/cloud/docker/docker-config.html)

> - [Release Notes](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ECE-Tools Release Notes](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools/releases)
```

> - [ECE-Tools Release Notes](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools/releases)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Release Notes for the ece-tools package](https://github.com/magento/ece-tools/releases)
```
